---
title: "Docs, Docs, Docs: The Importance of Documentation"
tags:
  - documentation
  - reference
---

I am now beginning to _seriously_ appreciate documentation. Since I started as a Data Analyst at Casper in November, I have been on an exciting and steep learning curve in terms of technical skills and learning more than I can keep track of at times.

**Over the past few months, I have:**

-	Worked on a big project starting with building an API using Python to pipe in external data into our database, queried the data using SQL, and built dashboards in Looker
-	Learned so many marketing terms I thought my head would explode from acronym overload (I work very closely with the Acquisition Marketing team)
-	Started building this blog using jekyll, html, and css

I have been accumulating various lists of helpful resources that have been living in everything from iPython notebooks to chrome bookmarks and evernote notes. This not only takes a lot of digging around, but is also not very ideal when I'd like to share helpful information.

So I finally decided to start making sense of these notes and consolidating them so that I can:

1.	Keep track of useful resources for myself 
2.	Get in the habit of writing good documentation to help others understand, use, and contribute to my code

Good documentation has helped me enormously in many of my recent projects and I am appreciating more and more what an important habit it is to form. [Write the Docs ](http://www.writethedocs.org/) does a great job of explaining the importance of good documentation as well as outlining as guide for writing clear documentation. I used this as a starting point for my own [reference guide on Github](https://github.com/margotkurfess/reference).

So far I've started writing documentation on [Python](https://github.com/margotkurfess/reference/blob/master/python.md) and [Command Line](https://github.com/margotkurfess/reference/blob/master/command_line.md), compiling resources and useful commands. More to come!

